All right.
In the last six years, we have completed this search bar of the Bridges section.
In this section, we're going to start creating the What's Happening section or the news API section.
If you look at the final version.
We can see that we have we are getting requests.
Yeah, we are fetching some data from an API and showing it here.
And by clicking on show more we see more news title, an image and when we click of each of them the
and new open, the new tab will be opened and we can see the full news.
On the on the new tap.
So before starting, I just want to have some modification in our code because our version, it's a
bit different than the final version.
We have more marching left on the page.
It's.
It's very simple change.
Just follow me here.
First in index.
The G?
Yes, in the main tag.
Just remove this Max with seven Excel.
Dent Inside Parts and components folder.
Just at the end of this main div after the return.
Just add four x large prefix and above change the margin left to.
24.
Now, if you look at our final version, it looks a little bit different.
But that was the mistake I made.
So sorry about that.
And let's continue creating our What's Happening section.
Okay.
So in order to get the news API, I'm going to use a news API.
Uh, that does not require any API key in a new tab.
Just search for news API.
So Rev, this is the person that created this API.
So if you search for this.
The first result is so rare that tech and news API first slashed news API.
As you can see, the title is News API without any API key.
If you click on this website.
You can see the documentation.
We have a basic URL, which is this one.
Then we can have the.
Like it.
You can get it, Jason.
Based on the category or top headlines, you can see some examples here.
For example, in this one, we get the top headlines from the category Health in Country India.
And for the next one, we are getting for everything, every news in CNN just from CNN.
So let's take this, for example.
First of all, when I click it, you can see we are getting 64 total results and all the ah, ah, uh,
all the articles are inside this app, this array here.
In order to to get this API resolved, we're going to use the server side rendering of next year.
So, uh, let's copy this, the first one, and we bring it to our Visual Studio code and we go to index.
That's the main, main, uh, section, the main page.
And just at the end.
Let me just.
Comment this and paste this link.
So we're going to use it later.
Just in a minute.
So the category is health.
And in India, I want to change India to you as a US language and the health category.
I want to change it to business.
Okay.
And then.
Let's, uh, get the.
This.
Lets fetch this API using this server side rendering of next year.
Similarly, the side rendering actually means that this rendering is going to be inside the server which
is verso, which is the owner of the.
Uh.
Next year and it's going to be very fast.
So it doesn't matter how fast is the computer of the person is using our website or.
How fast their internet is.
Fishing is going to be done on this fast server as is the pace going to be a pre-rendered for the user.
So let's let me show it here.
So we're just going to use asynchronous function and a function which is a built in function from the
next year.
It's called get server side props.
And here.
We are going we are going to create a consent and we call it news results.
And this is because it's returning a promise.
So we need to wait for the fitting.
So we just wait.
Fitch and the website we are going to fetch is this one here?
Just copy this.
And just leave it there as your reference.
You can get it inside the repository.
And after getting it after fetching it, then we we're going to convert the result adjacent file.
So we just say the result we get here.
I recall it was.
And we converted to Jason.
They just say, Jason.
But this.
Let's save it.
And you can see it in a two lines now.
Now we we got it.
And this is in the server.
It's created inside a server.
Now we want to pass it to the client side, which is here.
The way we passed this one to the client side is just by returning it as a props.
So we just return.
Props.
And a promise we are going to return is news.
Results.
That is enough.
And now we can get this one inside the client side, which is here.
You can get it as a props or we can de structure it.
Just say news results.
Now here.
We can pass this one as a props to the widgets components.
So we just send news result equals news resource.
Now in widgets.
The widget suggests we can get this fun as a props.
It is structures first and we can look through it here.
But first, let me show you something.
We are getting the results like this, but the result is inside the articles.
Here.
So before sending a result, which is let's come, let's just send the articles, not the new stuff
to resource.
So in index that.
Yes.
Let me close this extra.
Thanks.
Okay.
Sidebar.
Inputs.
Okay.
Insert index that.
Yes, we can just return.
News is a result that articles.
This is coming from the articles is an error and it's it has 64 elements.
So now we are getting all the sixty-fourths elements and we can look through it here.
So after this search icon that we have created inside the widgets, I mean this section.
You need to refresh the page first time.
So now.
After this.
Here.
We're going to look through it and show you.
So the news.
Results.
We can look through it using math map method and we can get each article here.
We just say article and we just return, for example, at paragraph.
Which is same article, that title.
Article that cash.
Okay, now we are getting all the titles for the 50.
News headlines.
Yes, you can see it here.
We can get many things like the title image I can show you here.
We can get the name.
You can get the author title.
We can get a description.
Image.
You are able to image here.
Yeah.
Many things when it's published or other things.
Okay.
So now instead of doing this one, like directly doing that, directly looping through it, I want to
create another component and we call it news that J.S. And inside the news we are going to have one
component that is having the title and the origin of the news and also the image, and we're going to
install it there.
So it's going to be a little bit more clean and neat.
So inside components folder.
We create another component and we call it News Digest.
And we can use our C to create a react functional component and with the latest import.
And we just the bring it inside the widgets.
We delete this paragraph.
And we just saw a news.
And re-import the imported here or the auto imported.
And first, we need to have a key because we are looking through something.
And the key would be the titles are mostly unique, so we can use the article, the title as a key and
we can pass all the articles here.
We just the article.
Is equal to article.
And we can get this one inside the news as a and as a props and with this structure and.
Bring it here.
So just say Arctic.
Okay.
So instead of dead, we can pass the article.
So here.
Uh, let's continue for the redheads, because I want to see the title.
What's happening as well?
So after this there we create another div and inside this we're going to have edge four and we just
see what's.
What's happening?
Okay.
We can see it here.
And after that, we're going to look through this after the H4.
So we bring this one inside this and the.
There we have it.
We can we.
We're going to have another thing, which is a button and a button.
Is going to say no more.
Okay.
So let's just call this a letter, Beth.
We changed the texts to Gray 700.
And we add some space.
Between the.
Between them using a space y tree.
We change the background color to Gray 100.
Then we make it round there using Rounded Excel, which is 12 pixel.
Then we can add some padding at a top of two.
And we sit there with to be 90% like the one we did for the search bar.
And when we have a bigger screen, I want the width to be 75.
Percent.
Exactly like their boss.
So that's.
That's.
Was it for that?
Uh.
We're here for the edge for which is saying what's happening.
We change the font to be bold.
And we can change the text size to be ex large.
And we can add some padding on the X.
Level X axis of four like this.
Okay.
Now let's astounding button here.
The button is going to be blue the color.
So we just see blue 300.
And the added padding left for and padding bottom off three.
And when we hover over it, I want the text to be blue but with different range, which is 400.
So when we hover over, it is a little bit darker.
So everything's fine for the title.
And here.
Let's.
Make the news here.
As I want to show you here in the final version, when we click on any news, we will going to be redirected
to a new page.
We're going to be inside a new place.
So we need to have an anchor tag.
But with the targets of blank.
So.
We we changed this div to anchor tag.
And each riff it would be.
Article.
That you are our.
And as I mentioned before, we need to have a target to be underlined black inside this anchor tag.
Are you going to have a death?
Because I want to separate this section and the image section.
So this is going to be one death.
Wonder if that is covering everything.
One default is to pass one, which is the image.
So we have one there for all of them and one there for the title and the news, uh, organization one.
Then after this, did we have the image?
Let's open the.
Localhost, 3000 here and we just put it here, we can see the result.
So inside this there we have h six heading six.
And the just the article that title.
So we're getting all the titles now.
And then we click.
Now we go to the.
That pitch any of them.
Because we put it inside and anchor attack.
Okay.
Our food is age six.
So we have a paragraph and this going this is going to be article.
That source.
That name, which is the name of the news agency for first time on cnbc next vice president fox business
and etc..
So after that we have the image tag and the sources.
Article.
Dot you are URL.
Two image.
I mean, the fish do perch.
We should see the images now.
Okay.
And, uh, let's just style it a little bit.
So for the top there, we added a space, a first.
We make it their flex.
So we bring them next to each other.
And uh, we just use items center to center it and we just justify between to have a space between,
you know, the image is so big, so, or let's first, uh, change the size of the image and we set
it to be.
I know with to be 70.
So 30, 70 pixels.
And heights to be.
$76 at Spa.
And.
Well, we make it rounded.
On the full.
Not for the.
Sorry.
Um.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Expel is enough.
And I think the, uh, it's a bit scratched now so we can make it.
Now, let's do this width and height outside the image, because when you do it like this, it's not
going to scratch it.
So stretch it.
So with 70 and I.
Seven.
Now it looks better.
Should it be done?
It's hard to see that.
That's what this.
Okay.
Looks fine.
Let's continue here.
At a top level there that is covering everything.
Let's add some padding to the X.
Axis of four padding in the Y axis of two.
So we have some space between them and then we add some space between.
These two, uh.
We just say space x one.
Then we make the cursor to be pointer.
Well, we don't need actually, because we have an anchor tag.
We already have the cursor to be pointer by default.
And let's when we hover over it, I want to change the background color to be 200 instead of 100.
So we see a.
Background color to be gray.
200.
Now we should see a gray color.
Let's add some the animation to, let's just say, transition.
And the duration of transmission would be 200 milliseconds.
So when we go on top of them, we see a different movement.
In this color change.
So let's continue with styling the title here first.
Uh, well, here we add some space between the title and the, uh, the news agency in name.
So we just say if space y.
Half a.
Point zero, which is the.
Yeah.
125 0.125.
Are you?
And for each six we create a class name and we change the text to be a small.
We change the boldness to be font bold.
And, uh, for the p tag.
Yeah.
You make the ticks to be extra small and you change the boldness to be medium.
And the ticks to be dry.
And, uh, I think.
500 would be okay.
A little bit brighter.
So that's it for this part.
But the problem is we are seeing now all the 50 news titles.
That is a lot for here.
We can just show three of them.
And then when we click on the show more here we see each time.
Three more news headline.
And that is very simple to do.
We can just go to the widget search is when we are mapping true to our article.
Instead of mapping through all of them, we can slice them.
Here and then we just can.
If, for example, we said 0 to 2, we just see two news title.
If you say three, we see three.
But I want this to be dynamic.
So I make a variable here and I just say article number.
Okay.
And then at a top here, I create a hook.
We just say article.
None.
CET article non.
And this is going to be equal use a state.
From React.
So we need to imported from react this user say we just import.
You stay.
Romney reacts.
And then the initial value we just said, it's anything we suspect.
Now, if you say a one.
We should get one title user status at all.
Okay.
Now we should see one.
And if the initial value is, for example three, we get three.
But by clicking on this button, I want to see more articles.
So inside the button we add it on click.
And we just.
Create a function and we just sit.
The article number.
To whatever article number is.
Plus three.
So each time now we press on this show more, we see three more articles.
So until all of them are finished, which is I think 50, we are getting all of them.
The number was 64 until 64.
We can't get.
Hmm.
And when you refresh the page, we see only three now.
So this news is going to be change every few days.
This API is going to be updated every few days.
So if a user comes later, see new and new title.
Okay.
And that was it for this what's happening section?
Let's add everything to get off.
So we just take it at all and we make commands with a message of.
Period.
The news.
Section of the widgets.
Components.
And we push it to get her.
Let's check.
Let's kick it inside the hour.
Get her.
Refresh the page by clicking on this Twitter.
Now we should see that we have eight commits and the last one is create the news section of the widgets
component.
So here we did quite a lot, actually.
We created the news that jazz component and as well we did it here we add anchor tag and inside this
we got the title and the image.
We did some modification in our code inside fighter jets, we added.
A Marching Live Off 24.
And inside we get that.
Yes.
Uh.
We added a section here.
I think this is the new section we added.
And we looped through all the news.
The results.
And index that yes, firstly we remove this max with seven Excel and we pass the data to the widgets
component and we got the data using server side rendering of next year using get server side props is
synchronous function.
And we've got the news resolved using the fetch method and we got it from.
At the surf surf that tech news API and we've got the category business and US language, we convert
it to JSON file and we pass it through a props.
Back like this and we pass it inside the service side here.
That was it for this section.
In the next section, we are going to create the.
The next part inside the widget.
That is.
Which is this part.
Who to follow.
Here.
Also, we're going to use some API which does not require any API key.
So this is going to be achieved from the API.
And also you can see here, when we click on Show More, we see more things and this section is a sticky
to the top two.
So always you can see it here.
We don't see the new section, but here is always at the top.
And we can see all the suggestion.
These are all random created users by and by free API.
So see you in the next section for this part.